executable - A file in which contains the final desired output of a program. The output from a linker.
main() - A function in which the program starts executing.
<< - Output operator that puts into cout.
function - Block of code in which it performs a specific action. basically a named sequence of instructions for the computer to execute in the order in which they are written
object code - Machine understandable code, Created from Source Code by Compiler. It's extention is in .obj or .o in linux. This is what the computer executes.
C++ - A Powerfull Programming Language in which we have can access low level hardwars.
header file - Header file contains the declaration's of library files.
output - The final result of a program.
comment - Anything written after the token // (that’s the character /, called “slash,” twice) on a line is a comment. Comments are ignored by the compiler and written for the benefit of programmers who read the code.
IDE - Integrated or Interactive Development Environment which contains necessary tools to run a program. 
program - A set instruction to a computer which describes "What to do?".
compiler - A special tool used to convert Source code into an Object code by checking the grametical rules of programming language.
import - A statement in which gains access to the library to use it in our program. 
source code - The program code written by a Human (Programmer) or Human readable code.
compile-time error - Error occured during the compilation process, Due to not satisfying of gramatical rules of c++.
library - A library is simply some code – usually written by others – that we access using declarations found in an imported module.
statement - A part of C++ program that specifies an action.
cout - Character Output Stream ("See-Out"), which displays the output to the monitor.
linker - A program which link's (combines) seperated parts modules or translation units together into single executable.
module - New feature of C++ 20
#include std - This like includes the standard library facilities into our program. less elegant and less efficient technique that has worked since the early days of C: #include a header file
command line - A text-based interface that allows user to interact with a computer's operating system by typing commands.
cin - Character or Standard input stream, used to get input from keyboard
increment - adding 1 to a value
operator - performs operations on operands
concatenation - merging of string
initialization - Assigning a value in definition of variable
type - A type defines a set of possible values and a set of operations (for an object)
conversion - Changing the value type to another type
name - Identifier of an object
type safety - The object are to be used according to the rules of their type
declaration - A declaration is a statement that gives a name and a type to an object
narrowing -	conversion from larger types to smaller types
value -  The data items we put into variables are called values
decrement - subtracting -1 from a value
object - A region in memory that holds values which has name and its type
variable - The named object is called value
widening - conversion from smaller types to larger types
truncation - loss of floating point precision
int - integer data type which can hold integer value
double - holds floating point values
string - holds words (sequence of characters without spaces)
auto - exactly the same as the one with explicit types
== - check whether both the values are equal
!= - check whether both the values are not equal
++ - increment operator
< - less than operator
= - assignment operator